Offline storage documentation for iOS and Android (#15875)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/mobile-monitoring/new-relic-mobile/mobile-sdk/configure-settings.mdx

        </tr>
</table>

> ## Offline Storage [#dt]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Offline storage [#android-offline-storage]
```

<table>
    <thead>
        <tr>
            <th style={{ width: "800px" }}>
                Description
            </th>
            <th>
                Example
            </th>
        </tr>
    </thead>
    <tbody>
        <tr>
            <td>

>                 Enable or disable the storing of data payloads in the file system when an internet connection is not detected. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                Enable or disable offline data storage when no internet connection is available.
```

>                 * To configure the amount of offline storage refer to [Set max offline storage size](/docs/mobile-monitoring/new-relic-mobile/mobile-sdk/set-max-offline-storage).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                * To configure the amount of offline storage, see [Set max offline storage size](/docs/mobile-monitoring/new-relic-mobile/mobile-sdk/set-max-offline-storage).
```

    <tbody>
        <tr>
            <td>
                Specifies the URI authority component of the harvest data upload endpoint. This endpoint is also used for handled exception uploads.

                To replace data endpoint the agent will use when reporting data harvests, add `andCollectorAddress:` to your `NewRelic.start(withApplicationToken:)` method call. 

                Default value is `mobile-collector.newrelic.com`.
            </td>
            <td>
                ```swift
                NewRelic.start(withApplicationToken:YOUR_APP_TOKEN 
                        andCollectorAddress:"harvest-upload.domain.com" 
                        andCrashCollectorAddress:"crash-upload.domain.com");
                ```
            </td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>
                Specifies the authority component of the crash data upload URI.

                To replace data endpoint the agent will use when reporting crashes, add `andCrashCollectorAddress:` to your `NewRelic.start(withApplicationToken:)` method call.

                Default value is `mobile-crash.newrelic.com`.

            </td>
            <td>
                ```swift

>                  NewRelic.start(withApplicationToken:YOUR_APP_TOKEN 
>                         andCollectorAddress:"harvest-upload.domain.com" 
>                         andCrashCollectorAddress:"crash-upload.domain.com");

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                NewRelic.start(withApplicationToken:YOUR_APP_TOKEN 
                       andCollectorAddress:"harvest-upload.domain.com" 
                       andCrashCollectorAddress:"crash-upload.domain.com");
```

                ```
            </td>
        </tr>
    </tbody>
</table>

## Crash and error reporting feature flag [#crashes]

> If you modify any of crash and error reporting settings below, be sure to call the feature flag before the New Relic iOS agent start call.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you modify any of crash and error reporting settings below, be sure to call the feature flag before the iOS agent start call.
```

            </td>
            <td>
                ```swift
                NewRelic.enableFeatures(NRMAFeatureFlags.NRFeatureFlag_FedRampEnabled)
                ```
            </td>
        </tr>
    </tbody>
</table>

> ## Offline Storage [#dt]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Offline storage [#ios-offline-storage]
```

<table>
    <thead>
        <tr>
            <th style={{ width: "800px" }}>
                Description
            </th>
            <th>
                Example
            </th>
        </tr>
    </thead>
    <tbody>
        <tr>
            <td>

>                 Enable or disable the storing of data payloads in the file system when an internet connection is not detected. To configure the amount of offline storage refer to [Set max offline storage size](/docs/mobile-monitoring/new-relic-mobile/mobile-sdk/set-max-offline-storage).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                Enable or disable offline data storage when no internet connection is available. To configure the amount of offline storage, see [Set max offline storage size](/docs/mobile-monitoring/new-relic-mobile/mobile-sdk/set-max-offline-storage).
```
